Event-Triggered Integration as a BYOC component tutorial (#781)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/get-started/tutorials/create-your-first-event-triggered-using-containerized-app.md

> # Create an Event-Triggered Integration as a BYOC component

Reviewer: How about changing the title to "Deploy a Containerized Application as an Event-Triggered Integration"?
I feel the current title does not clearly reflect what we are walking the user through in this tutorial. WDYT?

> Event-triggered integrations can help automate business processes and reduce manual work. Choreo allows you to create and manage event-triggered integrations without complex infrastructure setup.

Reviewer: If we are changing the tilte, we can perhaps change the intro as follows to align with it. Otherwise, this just seems like a repetition of the intro in the `Create Your First Event-Triggered Integration` tutorial.
Suggestion:
Event-triggered integrations can help automate business processes and workflows in response to specific events. With Choreo, you can deploy your containerized application as an event-triggered integration component, which makes your application deployment process efficient and reduces manual intervention.

> # Create Event-Triggered Integration as a BYOC component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Create an Event-Triggered Integration as a BYOC component
```

> Event-triggered integrations can help automate business processes and reduce manual work. Choreo allows you to create and manage event-triggered integrations without a complex infrastructure setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Event-triggered integrations can help automate business processes and reduce manual work. Choreo allows you to create and manage event-triggered integrations without complex infrastructure setup.
```

> Consider a scenario where a developer has an event-triggered integration and he needs to deploy as a containerized application. This tutorial walks you through the steps to accomplish this requirement. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider a scenario where a developer has an event-triggered integration and needs to deploy it as a containerized application. This tutorial walks you through the steps to accomplish this requirement.
```

In this tutorial, you will do the following:

> - Create an event-triggered integration component in Choreo by connecting a GitHub repository with a sample containerized application developed using python language. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create an event-triggered integration component in Choreo by connecting a GitHub repository with a sample containerized application developed using Python.
```

	!!! info
    	    The sample application creates a [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) topic, listens to it and logs incoming messages.

- Deploy the integration component to the development environment in Choreo.
- Test the integration component.

!!! tip "Before you begin"
    - Fork the [choreo examples](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-examples) GitHub repository. For this tutorial, you need the [containerized-rabbitmq-listener](https://github.com/wso2/choreo-examples/tree/main/ipaas/containerized/containerized-rabbitmq-listener) in the **choreo-examples** repository.  
 
    - Use an existing RabbitMQ instance or start a new [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/download.html) instance. The instance should be accessible via the internet. Obtain the `username`, `host`, `password`, and `vhost` from the RabbitMQ instance to use later as environment variables. 

!!! tip "RabbitMQ instance"

>     You can use RabbitMQ services such as [CloudAMQP](https://www.cloudamqp.com/) to set up RabbitMQ instances easily.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can easily set up RabbitMQ instances by utilizing services like [CloudAMQP](https://www.cloudamqp.com/).
```

    | **Path**              | `ipaas/containerized/containerized-rabbitmq-listener` |
    | **Dockerfile Path**   | `Dockerfile` |  
    | **Docker Context Path**   | `.` | 

	!!! tip
    	    - **Build Preset** specifies the type of build to run depending on the implementation of the component. It converts the integration code into a Docker image that can run on the Choreo cloud. If an integration is developed using [WSO2 Integration Studio](https://wso2.com/integration/integration-studio/), select **Micro Integrator** as the build preset. If integration is developed using the [Ballerina language](https://ballerina.io), select **Ballerina** as the build preset. If integration is Containerized application, select **Dockerfile** as the build preset.

            - **Path** specifies the location of the project to build the component. 

9.   Click **Create**. This creates the component and takes you to the **Deploy** view, where you can proceed to deploy the component.

## Step 2: Deploy
Before you deploy the component, you must follow the steps given below to assign appropriate RabbitMQ credentials to the environment variables:

> 1. In the **Deploy** view, go to the **Development** card and click **Configure via the DevOps Portal**. This takes you to the **Configs & Secrets** page in the **DevOps** profile, where you can apply environment-specific configuration files, environment variables, and other secret resources to containers.

Reviewer 2: @ThusharaSampath I think we have to change this to match the new UI where we have the devops portal components in the deploy view.

5. Click **Next**.
6. Specify the environment variables as key-value pairs. You must use the values you obtain from your RabbitMQ instance as the values for the following keys: 

    | **Key**    |
    |------------|
    | HOST       | 
    | USERNAME   |
    | PASSWORD   | 
    | VHOST      | 

7. Click **Finish**. Now you are ready to deploy the component to the developer environment. 

8. Go to the **iPaaS** profile and click the `MQTT listener` component you created.

9. Click **Deploy** on the left navigation, go to the **Build Area** card, and then click **Deploy Manually**.

    !!! info
        You have to deploy the component manually the first time. Subsequent deployments will occur automatically because automatic deployment is enabled by default.

After Choreo deploys the component, you can proceed to test it.

## Step 3: Test

To test the component, you must publish messages to a designated topic in your RabbitMQ server.

1. Go to the RabbitMQ Management Console and publish the following message to the **TestQueue** topic.

    ```
      Hello World
    ```
   Now you are ready to observe the logs and see the message received by the integration component.

    !!! info

>          Our containerized python app creates the  **TestQueue** in the RabbitMQ queues once it is connected successfully. If you can not see this queue in the queue list of your RabbitMQ instance, most probably app is not connected correctly.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
         Our containerized Python app creates the **TestQueue** in the RabbitMQ queues once it is connected successfully. If you cannot see this queue in the queue list of your RabbitMQ instance, the app is most likely not connected correctly.
```
